all right this is cat leave a message
and I'll call you back
cat it's mom your sisters worried you
won't bring a date to our wedding she
doesn't want the guests feeling bad for
you on her day to face her sister's
wedding cat needed more than a date she
needed a professional any second my date
is gonna sit down a3b and I need him to
look really really really really good
today
hello 3b Jeff I'm sorry we couldn't
leave sooner I know you wanted a few
hours to get settled before the party
work must be crazy pull over for a
quickie mom this is so not the time to
be yourself all right I'm the new doctor
thought anything like this could happen
to me this happened to you happen in the
sense that I picked up the phone tracked
you down flew over here and gave you six
thousand dollars out of my 401k now her
date has the family talking oh god she
was a honky how do I know you from
somewhere
know the guests guess who does he do
anyway he's a therapist and cat feeling
something she's never felt before
I'm sorry I'm just a little nervous
close your eyes you're safe
you can relax and remember what an
incredible woman you are oh wow you're
worth every penny this spring you
couldn't be more perfect if she picked
you out of a catalog what we're supposed
to be strictly business has become more
than she ever expected you say every
woman has the exact love life she wants
now that seems like a pretty broad
generalization oh when you're ready to
be unsinkable you will till then do you
honestly believe that I want to be
single and miserable the hardest thing
is loving someone and then
the courage to let them love you back
Universal Pictures invites you to save
the date for the most romantic affair of
the season this hasn't really turn out
the way that I thought it would
Debra Messing dermot mulroney there was
something your voice on the phone that
day desperation I think it was hope the
wedding date where did you find him
yellow pages
you